[Docs] Cleanup & Deprecation (#766)
pokt-network/poktroll: docusaurus/docs/operate/configs/appgate_server_config.md

---
title: AppGateServer config
sidebar_position: 5
---

# AppGateServer config <!-- omit in toc -->

> This document describes the configuration options for the `AppGateServer`,
> an `Application` or `Gateway` co-processor/sidecar
> co-processor that acts as the real server for querying request, building claims
> and submitting proofs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes the configuration options for the `AppGateServer`,
an `Application` or `Gateway` co-processor/sidecar
that acts as the real server for querying request, signing requests and verifying responses.
```

  - [`metrics`](#metrics)
  - [`pprof`](#pprof)

## Introduction

> It is responsible for multiple things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AppGateServer` is responsible for multiple things:
```
